Jinshan, why are you free to come and see me today?
Just suddenly thought
Pregnant for so long
I haven't taken you to the hospital for a checkup yet?
No need.
Last road test
Haven't you already sent someone to take me to check?
Don't go anymore
Yuelu is its own hospital
At present, the bear is obviously my boyfriend.
It was you, Ouqian, who stole him
Ou Qian, I hate you
You stole the happiness of my life
I will steal your daughter
I want your daughter to be my forever
Servant's daughter
Live a life under the fence
And my daughter may be well taken care of by you
Be the daughter of high society for a lifetime
Impossible Impossible
I can't be the daughter of Ouqian and Muchi Xiong